[Website] Provider Dev Program Guide (#25789)
hashicorp/terraform: website/guides/terraform-provider-development-program.html.md

A Terraform Provider represents an integration that is responsible for understanding API interactions with the underlying infrastructure, such as a public cloud service (AWS, GCP, Azure), a PaaS service (Heroku), a SaaS service (DNSimple, CloudFlare), or on-prem resources (vSphere). The Provider then exposes these as resources that Terraform users can interface with, from within Terraform a configuration. Terraform presently supports more than 70 providers, a number that has more than doubled in the past 12 months.

All providers integrate into and operate with Terraform exactly the same way. The table below is intended to help users understand who develops, and maintains a particular provider.

<table border="0" style="border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%;">
<tbody>
<tr style="height: 21px;">
<td style="width: 12.4839%; height: 21px;"><strong>Tier</strong></td>
<td style="width: 55.7271%; height: 21px;"><strong>Description</strong></td>
<td style="width: 31.7889%; height: 21px;"><strong>Namespace</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr style="height: 21px;">

> <td style="width: 12.4839%; height: 21px;"><img src="./images/official-tier.png" alt="" /></td>

Reviewer: be sure to include the badge image assets in ./images/... you can source from here: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/tree/master/website/docs/registry/providers/images

Author: Updated the paths

-> **Important:** This step requires that you have signed and accepted our Technology Partner Agreement. If you have not received this, please see step #1 above.

Please send your public key to terraform-registry@hashicorp.com, indicating you are a partner seeking verification, and a HashiCorp employee will be in touch to help verify, and add your key.

To export your public key in ASCII-armor format, use the following command:

```
$ gpg --armor --export "{Key ID or email address}"
```

### 4. Publish

Once the verification step is complete please follow the steps on [Publishing a Provider](https://www.terraform.io/docs/registry/providers/publishing.html).  This step does not require additional involvement from HashiCorp as publishing is a fully self-service process in the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io).

Once completed, your provider should be visible in the Terraform Registry and usable in Terraform. Please confirm that everything looks good, and that documentation is rendering properly. 

### 5. Maintain & Support

> Many vendors view the release step to be the end of the journey, while at HashiCorp we view it to be the start. Getting the provider built is just the first step in enabling users to use it against the infrastructure. Once this is done on-going effort is required to maintain the provider and address any issues in a timely manner.

Reviewer: Minor rephrase:
```suggestion
Getting a new provider built and published to the Terraform Registry is just the first step towards enabling your users with a quality Terraform integration. Once a `verified` provider has been published, on-going effort is required to maintain the provider. It is expected that all verified provider publishers will continue to maintain the provider and address any issues your users report in a timely manner. HashiCorp reserves the right to remove verified status from any provider this is no longer maintained.
```
